{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Lato-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Lato-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Smile Gallery details for caption:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
01\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 An \'93Old School\'94 Bridge that illustrates the replacement of multiple missing teeth, gum and bone tissue. The bridge is unique in that not only does it replace three missing teeth it also replaces missing gum and bone tissue.\'a0\'a0 This patient lost three teeth in a row and the tooth loss also caused bone resorption and gum recession in the area.\'a0\'a0 \'93Pink\'94 porcelain was used at the gum line to fill in the spaces that would been unsightly and caused food traps for the patient.\
\
\
02\
\
This is a recent case involving a female patient who had a fall and damaged her front teeth.\'a0 Initially, tooth-colored composite fillings were used to fix the chipped front teeth while she healed. You can see the fractures in the front teeth due to the impact, she is fortunate still have her teeth.\'a0Note:\'a0 The patient also shows a lot of her gum tissue when she smiles.\'a0The excess display of gum tissue and considered a \'93Gummy Smile\'94 and is only corrected if it is an issue to the patient.\'a0The patient did not mind the excess display of her gums and wanted to improve the appearance of her teeth in her smile.\'a0The treatment in this case included six 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 all porcelain or ceramic e.max crowns
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 .\
\
\
03\
\
This is a very young patient who was born with\'a0 dark brown discolorations on her front teeth.\'a0 We carefully removed the discolored part of her teeth and use 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Tooth Colored Composite
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3  filling material to 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Veneer 
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 the surface of the tooth.\'a0 The result was dramatic and the patient was happy.\'a0 This technique of using composite to directly veneer the tooth is less durable than 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Porcelain or Ceramic Veneers
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 . In young patients composite veneers will last until the patient is in adulthood.\
\
\
\
\
04\
\
This case is a great example of the dramatic changes that can be made to a smile in a few weeks time. The patient wanted to have her smile improved due to yellowing tooth colored fillings and chipping of her front teeth.\'a0\'a0 At the time this case was completed in 2002\'a0 Porcelain Crowns were not routinely used for front teeth.\'a0 To achieve the best possible esthetic results Porcelain or Ceramic crowns were used.\'a0 This patient is still in my practice and we were able to take a 14 year follow up photograph this year.\'a0 The crowns still look amazing and she is still smiling!\
\
\
05\
\
This is a special case for me since it represents my first 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Smile Makeover
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3  over 20 years ago! This patient at the time was turning 50 and wanted to improve his smile.\'a0 The treatment provide was six 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Porcelain Veneers
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3  on his front teeth.\'a0\'a0 This patient is still a patient in my practice and his Veneers are still providing him will a great smile!\
\
\
06  no caption\
\
07\
\
This is a great example of \'93Old School\'94 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 cosmetic smile makeover
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3  completed over 20 years ago!\'a0 The treatment illustrates the amazing cosmetic changes that can accomplished with 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 bridges
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 .\'a0 The patient had severe 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 gum disease
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3  (Periodontal Disease) causing his front teeth to be loose. The gum disease was too severe to save his front teeth and they were removed and he was given a provisional 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 tooth colored bridge
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3  (temporary) for 4 months to allow complete healing.\'a0 The patient did not go without teeth for even 1 day.\'a0 The provisional bridge was placed at the day his teeth were removed and allowing him to chew and talk that same day!\'a0 After healing his permanent bridge was placed within two weeks.\
\
\
\
\
\
08\
\
This case illustrate a difficult case to \'93Bleach\'94 or achieve a whiter smile. Patients that have darker teeth will have great results but it will require more time and material.\'a0 In this particular case the patient has teeth with a \'93grey shade\'94 of color that is hard to create a brighter smile.\'a0 The after photo shows a lighter shade of grey and his smile was improved\'a0 The results from tooth whitening vary in every case it depends on many factors.\'a0\'a0 The tooth bleaching material must first be used correctly by the patient and provided a personalized plan.\'a0 Most \'93failed\'94 bleaching case are due to patient error and lack of a customized plan for each patient.\
\
\
09\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa500\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 This is an example of Bridge done in the early 90\'92s by today\'92s standards the esthetics are not great. The patient had severely damaged the tooth as a child and after many years it had a chronic infection.\'a0 The tooth was removed and allowed to heal.\'a0 An \'93old school\'94 Porcelain and Gold bridge was placed the standard procedure at the time.\'a0\'a0 Today a 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Dental Implant 
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 or a 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Bridge
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3  made with only 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Porcelain
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3  for excellent esthetics would be used.\'a0\'a0 Given the very poor esthetic appearance prior to removal of the tooth the patient was very happy with the esthetic change. This case illustrates the improvement of materials and techniques over the last 20 years.\
10\uc0\u8232 \u8232 This patient is a fantastic example of a simple 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Smile Makeover
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3  with just using 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Teeth Whitening!
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 The results were dramatic and the patient was pleased.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 \
11  no caption\
\
\
\
\
\
12 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 This case is a good example of one of the most difficult challenges we have in 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Cosmetic Dentistry
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 . The challenge is to match a single crown to existing natural teeth and having it blend in.\'a0 In this case, the patient needed a crown to reduce the risk of fracture of her tooth due to a large filling in the back of her tooth.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 \
13  Ruth M.\
\
14\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 This case is a good example of 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 tooth colored
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3  or 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 cosmetic fillings.\'a0 
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 In this particular case the patient was in her twenties and had an obvious carious lesion\'a0 or \'93cavity\'94 in her back tooth.\'a0\'a0 The tooth colored material used for\'a0 the \'93white\'94 tooth colored filling is called \'93
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 composite
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 \'93.\'a0\'a0 Composite material is soft resin or plastic with very small particles of\'a0 colored glass mixed in for strength.\'a0 For the back two teeth a strong composite was used to fill the cavity and replace an older filling that was starting to breakdown.\'a0 Two smaller premolar teeth were also \'93
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 sealed
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 \'94 or filled with a composite material that flows into the grooves of the teeth and eliminates the chance of a future cavity.\
\
\
15\
\
This patient has
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3  Severe Multiple Sclerosis
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3  and is unable has partial use of one of his arms. His treatment required removal of several infected front teeth.\'a0 The before photo shows him in his provisional restorations while his is healing.\'a0 This patient was treated at 
\f2\b \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 no cost 
\f1\b0 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 through Dental Lifeline Networks (DLN).\'a0\'a0 I would like to thank my local Dental Lab\'85\'85Davis Dental for there skill and generosity in the donation of his bridge.\'a0 DLN helps patients that are disabled, medically fragile and elderly. \'a0 To learn more or Donate please visit:\'a0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dentallifeline.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb4 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 www.dentallifeline.org}}\
\
\
16  Randy W.\
}