{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red50\green50\blue50;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c25587\c25587\c25587;}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa90\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Smile Design\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa90\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 \strokec2 Smile design is one of the most cost-effective ways to improve your appearance. A beautiful, bright, healthy smile will increase self-confidence and overall life satisfaction. Cosmetic smile design includes things like tooth-colored restorations, dental implants, and crowns. We have many options, so please call us today!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Family Care\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 From toddlers to the elderly, our skilled dental team is familiar with the unique needs of every patient, no matter their age. Our goal is to help them develop great oral habits that will last them a lifetime.\
\
Join us today and discover how our practice can help treat your entire family.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Sedation Dentistry\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Sedation dentistry is an excellent treatment for patients with extensive dental needs, or who are concerned about anxiety, difficulty getting numb, or sensitive teeth.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Dental Implants\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Dental implants are a great option for replacing missing teeth, improving chewing ability, eliminating bridges, and replacing dentures.\
\
Several implants may provide a base for a series of artificial teeth known as a fixed bridge. Implants can even be used to secure a full set of removable dentures for people who have no remaining natural teeth.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 \
Wisdom Tooth Removal\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Normally appearing in late teenage years or early twenties, your third molars or \'93wisdom teeth\'94 are commonly removed due to several issues that may arise including crowding, being impacted, and gum tissue-related problems. Dr. Kennedy removes wisdom teeth in-office.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Smile-Whitening\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Many everyday things like coffee, tea and wine can significantly dull teeth. Smile-whitening enables us to significantly brighten your smile for that dazzling white smile you deserve.\
\
Plastic whitening trays will be made from models of your teeth. You will then place a special whitening gel in each tray and wear the trays in your mouth for several hours per day. (Many patients wear their trays after dinner and before bed.) A significant change in tooth color is usually seen in just four to six weeks.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Bonding\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Composite resin is a white, tooth colored material that can be shaded to match your teeth. This material can give you a low-cost improvement in your smile.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Porcelain Veneers\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 Veneers are very thin porcelain pieces that are custom made to adhere directly to the front of teeth without grinding or shaving. Transform your smile without drilling on your natural teeth!\
\
In the hands of a highly skilled dentist, porcelain laminates can provide you with an incredibly natural, beautiful smile. They are virtually undetectable and can dramatically improve your appearance. They are durable and long-lasting when compared to other cosmetic treatments.}